Added billing commandlets (#371)
DarqueWarrior/vsteam: .docs/synopsis/Get-VSTeamAccounts.md

> Gets the organizations where the user has access. Either as member or as owner.

Author: ```suggestion
Gets the organizations where the user has access. Where the given user is either a member or an owner.
```
